Welcome to a city that does not exist. Well, according to the story. This is Bielefeld,
in the northwest of Germany. And since the viral Internet joke of 1994
- Although the term "viral" did not exist at that time - but since then
there is a gag (joke) in Germany about Bielefeld's conspiracy that it's a fancy city.
The questions are "Do you know someone from there?" "Have you ever been there?".
Most people say no. So how can you be sure it exists and that it's not something they "want" you to think?
Faith is an incredibly powerful thing. Bielefeld conspiracy is a joke that everyone understands,
but it's a joke that safely shows how good our brain is in questioning.
I guarantee that you can challenge any form of evidence
only after a few seconds of thinking. Maps? Falsely. Photos? Falsely. Video recording? Either shot
somewhere else, or it's just a confidential computer graphics. Did you visit him yourself?
Bad memories, thoughtful lies, I'm sure you can come up with something better.
Every group of people, regardless of size, has its own references, own jokes,
their characters that define them. From jokes that you and your friends only understand,
or your partner, to millions of rickling people.
Or the whole of Germany that has Bielefeld, which is the concept and pronunciation,
which I'm a bit spoiled because I'm not a German.
But the groups connected by faith are strong. Whether it is religion or atheism,
politics, whether they are parties or views of society, or belief in conspiracy theory - we humans
we connect with people who think we are ourselves. And then we expand our ideas slowly
and unconsciously transform our minds to be like those around us and to prefer people like us.
Soc. psychologist Henri Tajfel conducted experiments in the 1970s and 1980s with something he called
"paradigm of minimal groups": What is the smallest stimulus for the attitude we have against them?
His answer was that basically everything.
So, it's probably best to get out of the "echo chamber" every once in a while
we find ourselves, trying to look at the world from the point of view of different people, and think,
if we happen to be a little mistaken. Eventually, I can also be part of a conspiracy.
Created / Created by D. Krames